nation of this all-important battle for
a boom-boom balista invasion Philippines
vs. the world continues we are underway
okay Mexican and Filipino rivalry here
on top of the Ring you know I just like
to remind you that many in 1999 Manny
Pacquiao started the battle against
Mexicans when he won in the fourth round
when he knocked out his opponent from
Mexico defending his WBC flyweight title
so that probably starts to deter all
right now right yeah the Araneta
Coliseum courtesy Camargo punk baton
baton among 12 in 14 years old
pero povery body shots by Bautista come
on go fighting bad I say what the hell
is up with typical Mexican fashion comes
from a family of boxers his father was a
boxer as
I said
the last minutes waiting for these
corners school let's say boom-boom is in
a rush here he is in a rush less than a
minute less than two minutes to go but
he better watch it I mean here don't
take any tool too many top I record it
with another writer clock to make Lopez
Samba they're getting out of it growling
Amukamara giggle buildin Tama they've
left again by both the staff picking his
punches nicely Camargo suddenly stuff
crossover done back yeah but he's
fighting back is fighting back typical
Mexican even quotient would avoid you
know to know when that is recording
Mexico become singular now boom boom
against the ropes he should get out of
that situation no need for that
you see Manuel Marquez just in the
middle of your the right side of your
picture axe was probably trying to give
him in some sense though I honestly see
Lipsy leap and I ain't coming let it go
mr. Diana
I don't know what boom movie is doing
right now you know he's been waiting and
taking too many punches not throwing
anything back and he's giving he's
turning they're allowing Camargo
to turn the tide and catch his second
wind another boy hate to see Camargo
Indiana marching against the ropes which
is the wrong place to be with the right
actually he just waited till like the
second to take a bit of a rest 37
seconds remaining hard right to the body
by Bautista a good hard right again by
Bautista less than 20 seconds remaining
swing pond champion okay Camargo so yeah
Bob Finnell assembly